Also monitor NewBlockHashes in ETHChainTipMonitor (#1791)
ethereum/trinity: newsfragments/1791.feature.rst

> When monitoring the tip of the chain, also monitor the ``NewBlockHashes`` event.

Reviewer: This description is helpful for contributors, in the `internal` section. But I do think it belongs here as a feature. From a user's perspective, maybe something like this is clearer:
```suggestion
Keep up with the tip of the chain a bit better. (By also listening to ``NewBlockHashes``)
```

Author: Yep, that sounds better :+1:
